[Music]
[Applause]
eleven tricks no waiter will tell you
about restaurant owners care not only
about your coming to their place again
but also value ordering dishes they want
you to today we're going to tell you
about usual tricks that restaurant
managers use to make you spend more have
you ever heard about aroma marketing
well
this method actually works wonders and
we're going to explain to you how and
why number eleven a menu where everyone
can find something to their taste
have you noticed there are vegetarian
dishes in almost every cafe the choice
is often made so that no one leaves
hungry for instance every menu has
something trendy something nutritious
for those who want to eat something
light for those who don't eat much and
so on number 10 music inside
[Music]
when there's luxury music playing in the
background you can eat much more than
when there's no music at all
[Music]
for example classical music makes
clients spend ten percent more and all
because their self-esteem Rises and they
see themselves wealthier and more
prominent music can also be adjusted for
particular purposes French chanson is
best for selling wine and Irish folk is
perfect for beer number nine 10% price
increase most clients won't mind if they
have to pay seven to ten percent more
than they planned
that's why sauces and other additions
and fast-food joints usually cost no
more than ten percent of the cost of a
dish number eight compact menu too many
dishes on a menu confused client first
on consultant Aaron Allen says that by
overloading the menu you torture guests
making them dissatisfied with their
visit because they doubt if they made
the right choice people also tend to
think that a restaurant can't cook so
many dishes well that's why the best
menu is often one that's written on a
single sheet number seven positive
attitude of the waiters
[Music]
leaders know the clients appreciate it
if you start a conversation with a
friendly comment even if it's only about
the weather
tips usually increase by a third as a
result of such a simple trick number six
a restaurants legend the aim of a legend
is to make the restaurant stand out from
the crowd a simple example plumb Cafe
has a pastry chef who know the secret of
unique polish doughnut all another cafe
simply makes donut a lot of guests won't
just go to the former but will stay
afterwards that they liked that one
donut better number five an extra offer
[Music]
you've probably noticed how when you
order a copy your waiter asks a large
one and Nas approvingly by the time you
realize you've agreed to something not
originally on your mind it's already too
late besides several portions are often
called standard and standard ones are
small which also increases the income
number four using the chef's reputation
[Music]
the reputation of a chef is a powerful
thing any dish that is the chef's
specialty will stand out in the guests
eyes not to mention when it is served by
the chef him or herself sometimes
waiters even dress up as a chef and play
the role before the clients
[Music]
number three aroma marketing smells
always affect our mind even if we have a
strict plan aroma is may well adjust it
vanilla and cinnamon fragrances increase
the sales of dessert all the smell of
bacon makes people order more for
breakfast lavender is often used to make
guests relax stop hurrying and spend
more number two getting rid of dirty
dishes leaders always try to dispose of
your empty plates as soon as possible of
course it's not too pleasant to sit at a
table full of dirty crockery but there's
another reason to this way two guests
won't think they've ordered too much if
there were growing heap of dishes they'd
stop sooner number one waiters on money
manipulations we just have their own
tricks to get bigger tip we may take
your time bringing you the change and
the hope you'll give it up and leave or
they bring you changing coins or dirty
bills so that you don't want to touch it
actually such tricks are considered
cheap and are not used at decent places
do you know any other tricks that
restaurants use to fool us share them in
the comments
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]